---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

What did I do In the Past week?
I worked on catching up on the assigned readings and started reviewing the examples that professor Downing went over in class in preparation for the tests this week.

Whats in my way?
There are a few examples that professor Downing went over, which I don’t understand the logic behind

What I plan to do next Week?
Finished all the readings, examples and other test prep in order to do well on the test

This week was a very busy week for me. Although, there wasn’t too much assigned work from this class this week, Because of all the jobs I'm applying too and interviewing for it seems that I had absolutely no time. I hope to be able to balance this class and applying to jobs especially this next week where I have a test in this class and three interviews. So far, my studying for this test has been going pretty well I have gained a good understanding of the map and reduce functions in Python and how they behave in different scenarios. I also have been understanding the differences between iterating over a list and modifying it, list comprehension and generators.  I haven’t been keeping up with the readings as well as I would have liked to though, so I hope to be able to make up for that this week. I also have another test in Algorithms and Complexity this week so my time management skills need to be top notch. My tip of the week for time management is trying out the pomodoro method which recommends working in for 25 minutes taking a break for 5 minutes then repeating this process. After, 4 iterations of this it recommends taking a 15 minute break and then repeating. Personally, I use much different intervals but the logic behind timing the amount u work and break and keeping them relatively constant can greatly benefit your prodcutivity.
